well alright Greg here why would
your tires is the location and this is
one of these custom shop david gilmour
stratocasters from fender musical
instruments and this particular one is
serial number our 4479 or two weighing
in at seven point six six pounds you
just heard the neck pickup all by itself
let us perambulate if you will to the
rest of the tonal properties of this the
illimitable quantities of tones
available in this particular instrument
let's go to number four position
you
the idea sounds excellent let us go to
the middle position by itself and hear
how that squawks into the night on this
david gilmour stratocaster
alright let's go to number two back pick
up by itself
good times now if we engage this little
toggle switch it gives us the back and
front pickup combination in number one
position which is using the bridge by
its up but this little mini toggle
switch you push down clicks near to get
that sparkle of the neck and bridge
pickup being played in concert which out
of strat actually sounds more like a
Gretchen that does a Telecaster pursue
say wat now if we go into the number two
position with that toggle switch down
all three pickups
you thank you very much ladies and
gentleman for tuning in I'm Greg
here wild with guitars this defender
Custom Shop artist series david gilmour
strat r44 792 is the serial number we'll
see you on the flip-flop y'all
I